publish Ignis docs (#165)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/install.rst

Qiskit supports Python 3.5 or later.

We recommend installing `Anaconda <https://www.anaconda.com/download/>`_, a
cross-platform Python distribution for scientific computing. Jupyter Notebook,
included in Anaconda, is recommended for interacting with the `Qiskit tutorials
<https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-tutorial>`_.

Using Qiskit on Windows requires VC++ runtime components. We recommend one of
the following:

* `Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2017 <https://
  go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=746572>`_
* `Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable for Visual Studio 2015 <https://
  www.microsoft.com/en-US/download/details.aspx?id=48145>`_

Install
-------

We recommend using Python virtual environments to cleanly separate Qiskit from
other applications and improve your experience.

The simplest way to use environments is by using the ``conda`` command,
included with Anaconda. A Conda environment allows you to specify a specific
version of Python and set of libraries. Run the following commands from a
terminal window:

.. code:: sh

  conda create -n name_of_my_env python=3

This will create a minimal environment with only Python installed in it. To put

> ourself inside this environment run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yourself inside this environment run:
```

.. code:: sh

>   pip install qiskit qiskit-aqua qiskit-ignis

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be needed. Since https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/pull/164 added ignis to the requirements for the meta repository it will install ignis for us.

There are optional dependencies that are required to use all the visualization
functions available in Qiskit. You can install Qiskit along with these optional
dependencies by running

.. code:: sh

>   pip install qiskit[visualization] qiskit-aqua qiskit-ignis

Reviewer 2: Same here

.. _install_install_from_source_label:

Install from Source
-------------------

When installing the elements and components from source, by default their
``development`` version (which corresponds to the ``master`` git branch) will
be used, as opposed to the ``stable`` version (which contains the same codebase
as the published ``pip`` packages). Since the ``development`` versions of an
element or component usually includes new features and changes, in general they
require using the ``development`` version of the rest of the items as well.

In order to work with several components and elements simultaneously, it is
recommended that the following steps are followed for each item:

#. clone the repository.

#. ensure that the stable version is not installed in the environment::

    pip uninstall name-of-the-package

#. install the package in `editable mode <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/
   reference/pip_install/#editable-installs>`_. From the root directory of the
   repository::

    pip install -e .

For more information see:

* :ref:`install-terra-source`

> * `Qiskit Aer <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-aer/blob/master/.github/

Reviewer: Is there any significance in where the line breaks occur? It's the only thing standing out to me that the number of characters in each line seem different.

Author: Yes, there's a character line limit that gets checked when the docs are built. The max is currently set to 100 in the build.

  CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_
* `Qiskit Ignis <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ignis/blob/master/.github/
  CONTRIBUTING.md>`_
* `Qiskit Aqua <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-aqua/blob/master/.github/
  CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_
* `Qiskit Chemistry <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-chemistry/blob/master/
  .github/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_
* `Qiskit IBMQ Provider <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibmq-provider/blob/
  master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_

.. _install_access_ibm_q_devices_label:

Access IBM Q Devices
--------------------

IBM Q offers several real quantum computers and high-performance classical
computing simulators through its `quantum cloud services <https://
www.research.ibm.com/ibm-q/technology/devices/>`_ with Qiskit.

`Create a free IBM Q account <https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/
login>`_ to get an API token.

After logging in, navigate to your account settings.

.. image:: ./images/figures/install_my_account.png

> Navigate to the Advanced tab and click the Generate button in the API Token

Reviewer: We should have a conversation about styling UI elements to be distinct in addition to capitalizing them. It helps users know what is a command vs an element to interact with. So something like: 

Navigate to the **Advanced** tab and click the **Generate** button in the *API Token*. 

It'd have to address the whole doc set, so I don't think it's a barrier to merging this PR.

Author: Oh, good idea. I'll make these bold for now.

>   IBM Q Network members must specify more than just an API token, as explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are an IBM Q Network members, you must specify more than just an API token by using the following commands.
```

Reviewer: This is just an accessibility vocab change. "Above/Below" use the UI design to indicate order of presentation, but if you're using a screen reader you perceive it as "before/after" because they read from beginning/top to end/bottom.
